kruise-tools command logic
===================================
In kruise-tools, some sub commands are developed by import in cmd.go, such as:

#### Deploy Commands:
  * **rollout:** Manage the rollout of a resource
  * **scale:** Set a new size for a Deployment, ReplicaSet or Replication Controller
  * **autoscale:** Auto-scale a Deployment, ReplicaSet, StatefulSet, or ReplicationController

#### Cluster Management Commands:
  * **certificate:** Modify certificate resources.
  * **cluster-info:**: Display cluster info
  * **top:** Display Resource (CPU/Memory) usage.
  * **cordon:** Mark node as unschedulable
  * **uncordon:** Mark node as schedulable
  * **drain:** Drain node in preparation for maintenance
  * **taint:** Update the taints on one or more nodes

#### Troubleshooting and Debugging Commands:
  * **describe:** Show details of a specific resource or group of resources
  * **logs:** Print the logs for a container in a pod
  * **attach:** Attach to a running container
  * **exec:** Execute a command in a container
  * **port-forward:** Forward one or more local ports to a pod
  * **debug:** Create debugging sessions for troubleshooting workloads and nodes

#### Advanced Commands:
  * **diff:** Diff live version against would-be applied version
  * **apply:** Apply a configuration to a resource by filename or stdin
  * **patch:** Update field(s) of a resource
  * **replace:** Replace a resource by filename or stdin
  * **wait:** Experimental: Wait for a specific condition on one or many resources.
  * **kustomize:**: Build a kustomization target from a directory or URL.

#### Other Commands:
  * **api-resources:** Print the supported API resources on the server
  * **api-versions:** Print the supported API versions on the server, in the form of "group/version"
  * **config:** Modify kubeconfig files
  * **plugin:** Provides utilities for interacting with plugins.
  * **version:** Print the client and server version information

The other commands are developed in code, for example, the rollout and migrate commands:

#### Rollout Commands:
kubectl-kruise rollout Manage the rollout of a resource
  * Check the history of deployments including the revision
    **kubectl-kruise rollout history deployment/frontend**

  * Rollback to the previous deployment
    **kubectl-kruise rollout undo deployment/frontend**

  * Rollback to a specific revision
    **kubectl-kruise rollout undo deployment/frontend --to-revision=2**

  * Watch rolling update status of "frontend" deployment until completion
    **kubectl-kruise rollout status -w deployment/frontend**

  * Rolling restart of the "frontend" deployment
    **kubectl-kruise rollout restart deployment/frontend**
 
#### Migrate Commands:
  * Migrate from K8s original workloads to Kruise workloads
  **kubectl-kruise migrate**

#### Rollout command logic
For each rollout command, it calls **NewCmdRollout()** to return a pointer of a **cobra.Command**, which includes the commands from the sub-commands. Firstly, for each rollout sub-command function, it returns an initialized options instance and then creates a variable **validArgs** to declare their supporting resource type. After these, each sub-command function initializes a new cobra.Command with the previous initialized options and validArgs, and adds a file name option with the file name usage. After this, in some conditions, some flags are added to the command, and then each rollout sub-command function returns the command to function NewCmdRollout(). When initializing each sub-command in the rollout sub-command function, there are some options of the function: Use, DisableFlagsInUseLine, Short, Long, Example, Run, ValidArgs.

**Use** tells the format of the sub-command; **DisableFlagsInUseLine** is always true; **Short** and **long** arguments describe the usage of the command shortly; **Example** gives some examples for running these sub-commands. For the **Run** argument, it calls the option’s three functions: Complete(), Validate() and Run(). The function **Complete()** completes all the required options; The function **Validate()** makes sure all the provided values for command-line options are valid; The **Run()** function performs the execution of 'rollout [sub-command]' sub-command. When executing the Run() function, the builder resource is dynamic at the beginning, and the decision of which type of resource to get is based on o.Resources. The rollback execution is in function **rollbacker.Rollback()**. The rollbacker is an interface type and its real implementation types include **DaemonSetRollbacker** and **CloneSetRollbacker**. This rollbacker object is generated by **internalpolymorphichelpers.RollbackerFn** according to the actual resource type. To avoid the potential mistake, this argument calls **cmdutil.CheckErr()** function with the parameters from the returned value from Complete(), Validate() and Run(), to check if there is any returned error from these three functions.

#### Migrate command logic
For migrate command, its running process is similar to rollout command: Create a cobra.Command instance and return its pointer, which is initialized with a migrate option. The difference is that different commands have different flags, options, and samples. Unlike the rollout command, the migrate command does not have the Validate() function because it does not have a sub-command. Moreover, kruise-tools considers the clonsets as a special case, and at this time the Run() function will call the **migrateCloneSet()** function to perform the migration execution.